My sources for this assignment are 2 completely different fields : Finance and Electrical Engineering.
There is no common language between the documents.

I read the paper "Finding Cultural Holes: How Structure and Culture Diverge in
Networks of Scholarly Communication" and wrote the algorithm to calculate the Shannon entropy
and KL divergence. As i knew there is very little overlap of the words between the chosen 
fields, i calculated the teleportation mechanism. I built a corpus codebook using all the 
available documents.
I calculated the jargon distance of document01-finance.txt across document05-ee.txt and also
document01-finance.txt across document03-finance.txt My code can easily calculate other 
jargon distances as well for comparison
Here are few of the distance:
document 1 --> document 1 (jargon distance: 0.08)
document 1 --> document 3 (jargon distance: 0.38)
document 1 --> document 5 (jargon distance: 0.41)

These values suggest clearly suggest that the jargon distance increases as the fields and
the codebook changes. I was expecting to see a major difference between document 3 and 
document 4 but the happy to see there is an increase in message bits when the document is 
from another fields.

I also used the python lda method to find topics.Given that there were only 2 different 
fields, i verified to see top words from the 2 topics appeared using lda.

Topic 0: finance teaching the schools
Topic 1: and of electrical equipment

I also plotted the results to see the probability distribution of different words in the
topic. The idea here is that each topic should have a distinct distribution of words.
The plot clearly shows that the 2 fields have one topic in high probability.

Final thought:
Cultural holes/jargon distance uses information theory to calculate the estimated message
length between different fields while lda calculates the different topics (or fields) given
a huge corpus. Each method can be used to help different requirements.
Though both algorithms/methods provide insights about the fields, none of them gives a
full picture. They both complement each other and using both the methods would be very
useful in learning about different fields and patterns. 